You are the ant
What do you mean?
OK
Just today.
Zhao family for tax evasion
Organize community activities
Kidnapping and more than a dozen other crimes
All the sounds were taken away for investigation
Li Lan, you did all this
That's right, as early as when Zhao Kai tortured Chu Yang
I've already sent someone to investigate
Collected evidence of the Zhao family's crimes over the years
It has been handed over to the Reconnaissance Division
As for the revenge fund you're relying on
It has long been frozen by the Reconnaissance Division
You don't have any chips in your hands now
Hahaha dad
lazy
You are so ruthless that you indulge Zhao Kai
The moment I tortured my servants began
You should have expected today's result
You deserve it all
Sister, I know I was wrong.
I don't dare anymore.
Please give our Zhao family a way to live.
I beg you.
Life is for good people
A leader like you
I don't deserve to live at all
Hahahaha
Lin Lan lost to you today
I, Zhao Tianba, am in trouble
But I lost.
But you're definitely not winning
What do you mean?
What does old thing mean?
Hahaha, you'll understand soon. Hmm.
Hello
What!